# PJ7E DXpedition: Putting One Two Three Four New DXCC Entities On The Air

* **Date**: `April 1, 2011`
* **Time**: `07:00 PM Pacific Time`
* **Topic**: `PJ7E DXpedition: Putting One Two Three Four New DXCC Entities On The Air`
* **Presenter**: `John Miller, K6MM`

## Details

### Abstract
October 10, 2010, otherwise known as "10-10-10", will be remembered as an historic day in amateur radio.  On that date, the Netherlands Antilles was formally dissolved, and four new DXCC entities were simultaneously created.

It had been over 50 years since such a dissolution of geographic territories allowed so many new DXCC entities to be created essentially simultaneously – the last being the breakup of the French colonies in Africa during the early 1960s.

This dissolution of the Netherlands Antilles created a buzz of excitement within the DX community, as several well-organized groups headed for the Caribbean to put these new countries on the air. The presenter will describe his experience on the PJ7E team to St. Maarten, and the challenges of activating 4 new DXCC entities simultaneously in the Caribbean.

### Bio
John received his Novice ticket in 1958 while living in Syracuse, NY.  Today his primary interests are DXing, Contesting, and recruiting new operators into the hobby.

John is PAARA's website manager, a director of the Northern California DX Foundation, past-president of the Northern California Contest Club, and a founding member of the CW Operators' Club.  He is also Co-Chair of the Visalia International DX Convention.

In addition to his four grandchildren, John's interests include website design, music composition, and exploring the back roads of the Bay Area on his Harley Davidson motorcycle.


## Presentation materials

{% include meetings-template.md %}

