# The KH1/KH7Z DXpedition to Baker Island

* **Date**: `September 7, 2018`
* **Time**: `07:00 PM Pacific Time`
* **Topic**: `The KH1/KH7Z DXpedition to Baker Island`
* **Presenter**: `John Miller, K6MM`

## Details

Our program for the evening will be a presentation by John, K6MM, on his experiences from the recent KH1/KH7Z DXpedition to Baker Island. It had been 16 years since the last KH1 activation. The team logged almost 70,000 QSOs in 9 days, working under rather harsh conditions near the equator. The Baker Island expedition was the first DXpedition to use the new “dxpedition mode” with FT8. More than 6,000 FT8 QSOs were logged.

John was first licensed as WV2BQJ in 1958 while living in Syracuse, NY. For the last decade, he has focused heavily on DXing, contesting, and recruiting new operators into the hobby.  His DXCC total stands at 331 confirmed and he holds 8-Band DXCC. John has been a member of several DXpedition teams: PJ7E (Sint Maarten), K9W (Wake Atoll), K1N (Navassa Island), K5P (Palmyra Island), and KH1/KH7Z (Baker Island). 

John is the President of the Northern California DX Foundation; Past-President of the Northern California Contest Club; a founding member of the CW Operators' Club; and past Director of the Northern California DX Club. He served as Co-Chairman of the International DX Convention for 2011, 2013, 2015, 2017, and 2019. John is also the PAARA website manager.

In addition to his four grandchildren, John's interests include website design, piano composition, and exploring the back roads of the Bay Area on his Harley Davidson motorcycle.

## Presentation materials

{% include meetings-template.md %}

