# Astrophotography

* **Date**: `June 1, 2018`
* **Time**: `07:00 PM Pacific Time`
* **Topic**: `Astrophotography`
* **Presenter**: `Rogelio Bernal Andreo`

## Details

In this talk, Rogelio will navigate through his own experiences as a deep-sky and nightscape astrophotographer, and how he took a discipline that was mostly driven by scientific goals and transformed it into an art where one can craft their own personal style while still respecting the science of it, where curiosity and inspiration become the driving force and where storytelling is just as important, all accompanied by many of his unrivaled and gorgeous images of our night sky.

Born in 1969 in Murcia, Spain, Rogelio moved to the US when he was 20. He earned his Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science from Harvard University and the Wentworth Institute of Technology in 1995. After earning his bachelor’s degree, Rogelio moved to the SFO bay Area where he has worked for Netscape Communications and eBay as a lead software engineer. In 2008, Rogelio began exploring astrophotograpy as a hobby and has developed a personal style defined by deep widefield images. His photography had lead to international recognition and developed a meaningful influence on the astrophotography discipline. His work has appeared in several Science and astronomy publications including, Astronomy Magazine, Ciel et Espace, Sky and Telescope, and National Geographic. Rogelio’s work has also been televised on BBC, National Geographic, the Discovery Channel and others. His image, “Orion, from Head to Toes” was selected by Discover Magazine”s Bad Astronomy, aa the best astronomy picture of 2010. It was the first time this award was given to an amateur astronomer. He has won many awards including Astronomy Photographer of the Year several times

## Presentation materials

{% include meetings-template.md %}

