# 9K2HN, Abdali, Kuwait 2014 DXpedition

* **Date**: `May 4, 2018`
* **Time**: `07:00 PM Pacific Time`
* **Topic**: `9K2HN, Abdali, Kuwait 2014 DXpedition`
* **Presenter**: `Bob Vallio, W6RGG`

## Details

9K2HN, Abdali, Kuwait 2014 DXpedition.

Setting our sights on a new record high score from Asia, in the 2014 CQ World Wide CW DX Contest.

Bob Vallio, W6RGG, was first licensed as a Novice, WN6RGG, in July of 1952, he upgraded to General Class as W6RGG in 1953. Bob has held an Extra Class license since its inception in 1968, and is an accomplished DXer and contester. His DX and contest operations include FO0XX (Clipperton Island ­ ­twice!), XF4L (Revillagigedo), 6Y5BF (Jamaica), 5W1AZ (Western Samoa), KP2A (Virgin Islands), 4U0ITU (ITU HQ in Geneva), VP5VW (Turks & Caicos Islands), 5V7A (Togo) two times, HC8N (Galapagos Islands) four times, OJ0/W6RGG (Market Reef), OH0/W6RGG (Aland Islands), BS7H (Scarborough Reef), in 1997 and 2007, and 9K2HN (Kuwait) in 2014. He has also served in various capacities on the Yasme Foundation Board of Directors since 1965, was a member of the very first ARRL DX Advisory Committee, and is a long­time member and past president of both the Northern California DX Club and the Northern California Contest Club. Bob first made Top of the DXCC Honor Roll in 1982 and still holds that ranking. He has twice been named NCDXC DXer of the Year, and was elected to the CQ DX Hall of Fame in May of 1997.

Bob was the elected Section Communications Manager and Section Manager of the ARRL East Bay Section from 1978 to 2000, and Vice Director of the ARRL Pacific Division from 2000 to 2003. When his friend of over 40 years, Director Jim Maxwell, W6CUF, unexpectedly passed away in 2003, Bob took over as Director and has served continuously in that position since then. Bob has served on every standing committee of the ARRL Board of Directors, most recently being elected by his fellow Directors to the position of Second Vice President.  During all of those years of service to the ARRL, Bob has also been involved in Emergency Communications with Alameda County RACES (now known as the Alameda County Sheriff's Communications Team) since 1975. He has served for many years as Chief Radio Officer and currently holds the position of Chief Radio Officer, Emeritus.

## Presentation materials

{% include meetings-template.md %}

