# Internet Outages: Not Just For Disasters

* **Date**: `October 3, 2014`
* **Time**: `07:00 PM Pacific Time`
* **Topic**: `Internet Outages: Not Just For Disasters`
* **Presenter**: `Michael Fox, N6MEF`

## Details

Michael Fox, N6MEF, began his career in networking in the early 1980s, about 10 years before the commercial Internet as we know it existed. He participated in constructing the initial NSFnet links between universities that would later form the backbone of the big-I Internet. He designed, built and managed a state-wide network providing multi-protocol service (including SNA, DECnet, IPX, AppleTalk and, of course, TCP/IP Internet access) to all State agencies, universities, colleges, libraries and later, K-12. From there Mike moved on to the vendor side of the world, helping to design and build some of the largest enterprise and service provider networks in the world. He has held executive positions in worldwide systems engineering, technical support and operations at several networking vendors, large and small. Today he has his own consulting practice.

Michael is also a member of the Santa Clara County ARES/RACES packet committee which operates a county-wide data network utilizing amateur and other frequencies. The network has gateways to other packet networks and the Internet. The network is not dependent on the Internet and can operate without Internet or other external network connections and without commercial power for days or weeks or longer.

## Presentation materials

{% include meetings-template.md %}

