# The Modernized Global Positioning System (GPS III)

* **Date**: `February 7, 2014`
* **Time**: `07:00 PM Pacific Time`
* **Topic**: `The Modernized Global Positioning System (GPS III)`
* **Presenter**: `Arthur Lange, W6RXQ`

## Details

What is all this talk about GPS III?

Arthur will discuss how it works and what other countries are doing for their own Global Navigation Satellite Systems (GNSS) including Russia, China, European Union, and Japan.

Arthur was first licensed in 1954, as a novice class with the call KN2OQQ in New Jersey. His current license is Amateur Extra. Arthur's primary Ham Radio interest is playing with microwaves. He is one of the founding members of the 50MHz and Up Group.

Arthur has been with Trimble since 1985, working on a variety of GPS receivers and systems for Agricultural applications including GPS Steering Assist for Farm Vehicles.

## Our "Dream To Reality" Raffle Prize Winners
Congratulations To These December 6, 2013 PAARA Raffle Prize Winners

* 1st Prize / Chuck Hein / N6BO / Elecraft K3 HF-6m Transceiver
* 2nd Prize / Tony Kooij / W6AWK / Icom IC-V80 HT
* 3rd Prize / Mike Wimble / KM6WP / Two West Mountain COM Speakers
* 4th Prize / Ryan Ewing / N6RYN / “Array of Light” third edition by Tom Schiller N6BT
* 5th Prize / Josh Lehan / K6JSH / Digital Multimeter
* 6th Prize / Jim Thielemann / KI6KVW / ARRL Handbook 2013
* 7th Prize / Paul Ewing / N6PSE / ARRL Antenna Book 22nd Edition
* 8th Prize / Charles Hein / N6BO / ARRL Emergency Power Book
* 9th Prize / Joanna Dilley / K6YL / ARRL More Wire Antenna Classics Book
* 10th Prize / Joe Castellano / W6SNV / Wake Atoll Sea Shell

Note: The proceeds from all raffle prizes are used to provide equipment & trained radio operators to benefit the public in emergencies & more.  And to advance the state of the art of radio.

## Presentation materials

{% include meetings-template.md %}

