# Operating from Aruba and the contests you work from down there

* **Date**: `June 5, 2020`
* **Time**: `07:00 PM Pacific Time`
* **Topic**: `Operating from Aruba and the contests you work from down there`
* **Presenter**: `Ed Muns, WØYK`

## Details

Ed, W0YK, has operated from Japan, Jamaica, Aruba and The Galapagos. Since 2005, he has made 4-5 trips per year to Aruba for 1-2 week periods, operating CW and RTTY contests. In 2008 and again in 2019, along with station owners AE6Y/P49Y and W6LD/P40L, disassembled the three towers and antennas, rebuilding them with all new material. The indoor portion of the station undergoes constant upgrading and improvement. Operating from a DX location has challenges, especially if it involves maintaining a station in a salt-water environment. Today's remote-operation technology can reduce the travel, but it also increases the station complexity and maintenance work. There are a number of ways one can get started in DX operation that range from traveling to an existing DX ham’s station to joining an existing multi-operator trip to owning and maintaining a station overseas.

Speaker: Ed Muns, WØYK
Ed, W0YK, entered CW and SSB DX contests initially in the early 1970s as a way to work new band/mode-countries for DXCC. His interest rapidly evolved from DXing to contesting with his early learning at the K0RF multi-multi. Today, CW and RTTY contesting dominate Ed's operating time. His local contest club, the Northern California Contest Club (NCCC), mounted an effort for the club competition gavel first offered in the 2004 ARRL RTTY Round-Up where Ed reluctantly (kicking and screaming) learned how to setup RTTY and ultimately won the Pacific Division SOHP plaque. He ironically enjoyed that induction into RTTY so much that he now includes all the major RTTY contests in his contesting schedule. With his P49X call sign, Ed holds the world SOHP record in ARRL RTTY Round-Up, having broken the record eight times, and the world SOHP record in CQ WPX RTTY, having broken that record seven times and set a world SOHP record in the 2010 CQ WW RTTY. He was inducted into the CQ Contest Hall of Fame in May 2014. This is his thirteenth year at CTU delivering the two Digital Contesting presentations and Q&A.


## Presentation materials

{% include meetings-template.md %}

