# Transceiver Performance for the HF - DX Operator

* **Date**: `August 7, 2020`
* **Time**: `07:00 PM Pacific Time`
* **Topic**: `Transceiver Performance for the HF - DX Operator`
* **Presenter**: `Rob Sherwood, NC0B`

## Details

How good is your receiver in todays operating environment?  What should I look for when researching a new receiver or transceiver?  Rob will give us some performance items to consider when looking for a replacement receiver or transceiver for our shack.

Bio
Ham radio began for me in 1961 in Cincinnati, Ohio, as both a novice and general-class operator.  After graduating college in 1969 with a degree in physics, I moved to Denver and worked for KOA radio as an engineer until 1987.  While at KOA, I maintained their 50 KW AM and FM transmitters, microwave links and studio equipment.

1974 saw the beginning of Sherwood Engineering, offering roofing filters and upgrade kits for the Drake R-4C.  In 1976 I started measuring receiver performance on dozens of radios, since reviews in QST did not correlate with actual on-air observations at crunch time in CW contests.  In 1977 “ham radio magazine” published the first of several of my articles on receiver problems and cures, vertical antenna ground systems and mobile antenna efficiency.  Those articles are available on my web site as PDF files.  Receiver test data is now web based with over 100 transceivers included at <www.nc0b.com/table.html>.

Rob has give talks at several Ham Conventions over the years including Dayton, Visalia, Cosy Wyoming HamCon, Duke City Hamfest, and many others.

Thirteen years ago, my XYL encouraged me to build my dream contest station on 10 acres east of Ft. Collins, Colorado on the Pawnee Grassland.  This has made it possible to evaluate top transceivers in major contests in a real-world environment to augment my laboratory data.  This rural setting has allowed me to focus my interest on effective antennas.  Six towers support 9 mono-band HF yagi antennas, plus 6 and 2 meters, and several wire antennas on 160, 40 and 30 meters.  A 70cm yagi was added in the fall of 2019.

My most recent new project has been making contacts on the new 630m band with a transverter from Australia.  An IC-7300 on 160 meters handles receiver and transmit on 630m.  I use my 160-meter Marconi T antenna with a separate tuner.

## Presentation materials

{% include meetings-template.md %}

