# Hazards, Risks & Emergency Operations in the Palo Alto Area


* **Date**: `July 12th, 2019`
* **Time**: `07:00 PM Pacific Time`
* **Topic**: `Hazards, Risks & Emergency Operations in the Palo Alto Area`
* **Presenter**: `Ken Dueker - KB6BPM`

## Details

OES Chief Kenneth Dueker, J.D., is the Director of Emergency Services for the City of Palo Alto and has held that position since 2011.

Chief Dueker joined the Palo Alto Police Department in the 1990s as a Reserve Officer and, later, worked full-time. He served in the Field Services Division (Patrol) as well as the Investigative Services Division (Detectives) in general law enforcement as well as special projects, later, reporting directly to the City Manager and to the Police Chief.

Chief Dueker previously was a corporate emergency planner for the Atlantic Richfield Company (ARCO) where he developed life safety and disaster recovery contingency plans for the protection of company personnel and facilities. These plans and programs were tested and validated during the Northridge Earthquake of 1994.

Chief Dueker is also the founder of PowerFlare Corporation, a maker of environmentally friendly, rugged LED lighting and signal products for public safety and rescue.

Chief Dueker completed graduate school at Harvard University where he earned a doctorate in law (J.D.) from Harvard Law School. He holds an undergraduate degree, cum laude, from Pomona College (Claremont Colleges). He is also a member of Phi Beta Kappa.


## Presentation materials

{% include meetings-template.md %}

