# The 2014 FT5ZM Amsterdam Island DXpedition

* **Date**: `February 1st, 2019`
* **Time**: `07:00 PM Pacific Time`
* **Topic**: `The 2014 FT5ZM Amsterdam Island DXpedition`
* **Presenter**: ` Bob Allphin, Jr.; K4UEE`

## Details

DXpedition Lead : Bob Allphin, Jr.; K4UEE

Bob Allphin has participated in, led, or co-led DXpeditions to ELEVEN of the DXCC “top 10 most wanted”.  They are Baker/Howland, Heard Island, Bhutan, South Sandwich Islands, South Georgia Island, Peter I Island, Lakshadweep, Desecheo Island, Saba/St. Eustatius, Amsterdam/St. Paul and Navassa Island.  In 2012, the HKØNA Malpelo Island DXpedition ranked #12 "most wanted", set a new World Record for QSOs for non-hotel, non fly-in DXpeditions.

Since retiring fifteen years ago to pursue DXpeditioning more or less full time, he has participated in ten MAJOR DXpeditions that have made over 1.25 million QSOs. He has ELEVEN "DXpedition of the Year" plaques hanging on his wall.

Bob is an active contester and has participated in 38 contest DXpeditions. From the mid - 80s through the early 2000s, set five single operator/single band World Records and was a competitor in two World Radio Team Championships (WRTC) events in 1996 and 2000.

Bob is a member of the CQ DX Hall of Fame, Board of Directors of INDEXA, current President of The KP1-5 Project, and former Chairman of the ARRL DX Advisory Committee (DXAC).  He is a member of the VooDoo Contest Group, FOC (First Class Operator Club), A-1 Operators Club, the Southeastern DX Club Hall of Fame.

## Presentation materials

{% include meetings-template.md %}

