# The Camp Fire - Phones, Fires and Failures

* **Date**: `June 7th, 2019`
* **Time**: `07:00 PM Pacific Time`
* **Topic**: `The Camp Fire - Phones, Fires and Failures`
* **Presenter**: `Alan Thompson - W6WN`

## Details

### Synopsis

One of the big lessons of the Camp and other fires is People must find more resilient solution to help ensure our communities get timely, life-saving information about fast-moving disasters like the Camp Fire, especially in light of our collective over-reliance on cell phones and the Internet for everything - technologies that, in turn, depend on a trillion dollars of vulnerable infrastructure not to fail. Here's an outline of the Presentation:
*  Time Line detailing the sequence of events that unfolded on November 8, the first day of the fire
*  Catastrophic points of failure that impacted emergency communications, alerts, and evacuations
*  Our Team's role in restoring damaged cell phone services, and day-lighting the vulnerabilities that caused us to be there in the first place
*  Suggestions for actions we can all take right now to help save lives in our own, local communities
*  The role that "Community Radio" might play in this effort (this part is only an introduction to a separate presentation)

### Bio
Alan first became a Ham at age 11. At the time, he was the 2nd youngest Ham Radio Operator in the US. He let his license lapse, and just came back on air in 2017. Alan is the Owner and Field Engineer for El Dorado Networks in El Dorado County, and is responsible for installing satellite TV and Internet systems in the Western US and Mexico. Projects include work for Facebook, Intelsat, Merrill Lynch/Bank of America and, most recently, he was part of a Disaster Recovery Team that helped restore cell phone service after the Camp Fire. Alan will cover communications failures during the Camp Fire, and offer suggestions on how communities can mitigate similar disasters here. Alan has been in the satellite communications business for 35 years, ever since the "BUD (Big Ugly Dish) Days" in 1983.


## Presentation materials

{% include meetings-template.md %}

