# Bonaire to Connecticut

* **Date**: `Feb 2, 2024`
* **Time**: `07:00 PM Pacific Time`
* **Topic**: `Bonaire to Connecticut`
* **Presenter**: `Kristen McIntyre, K6WX`

## Details

Kristen will talk about her recent contest expedition to Bonaire for CQWW phone in October, where she operated as PJ4G and PJ4/K6WX.   She will also provide highlights on the January ARRL Board Meeting  
 
Kristen McIntyre, K6WX, has been interested in radio since she was about 5 years old.   She started in Amateur Radio in 1979 getting her ticket while at MIT.  Kristen has worked in many diverse areas from analog circuit design to image processing to starting and running an ISP. She is currently working at Apple in Core Networking, and spent many years at Sun Microsystems Laboratories where she was researching robustness and emergent properties of large distributed computer systems.   She is a long-time denizen of Silicon Valley and has worked at or consulted for many of the usual suspects.  Kristen is an active ham and loves to chase DX on HF with her Elecraft K2 which she built while visiting her mother in Florida.  She is ARRL Pacific Division Director, past president of the Palo Alto Amateur Radio Assoc., past Q&A columnist for Nuts and Volts magazine, and is active in many local clubs.  Kristen was recently inducted into the CQ Amateur Radio Hall of Fame. She is also an Instrument Rated Private Pilot.

## Presentation materials

* [YouTube recording](https://youtu.be/Pnh2WVXBGrI?si=XwtYPsHAvTuJswfv)

{% include meetings-template.md %}

