# Rescued Thanks to Radio: Rescue Beacons and how Search and Rescue Forces Find Them

* **Date**: `Mar 1, 2024`
* **Time**: `07:00 PM Pacific Time`
* **Topic**: `Rescued Thanks to Radio: Rescue Beacons and how Search and Rescue Forces Find Them`
* **Presenter**: `Joshua Edwards, KO6ASM`

## Details

ELTs, PLBs, EPIRBs and other beacons are in wide use in aviation, maritime activities, military, and outdoor enthusiasts. We will discuss how these beacons function, how the national SAR infrastructure works, and how pilots and ground teams prosecute these signals to rescue those in need.
 
Joshua Edwards is a Senior Mission Pilot with Civil Air Patrol     the U.S. Air Force Auxiliary.   CAP is responsible for most inland SAR in the U.S. as well as Disaster Response, National Security, and other missions.   Maj Edwards has been flying with CAP for 17 years and has amassed over 4500hrs of flight time. He has been credited with over 14 finds of downed aircraft and missinghikers.   Joshua is also an officer in the Navy Reserve, currently serving with SEAL Team 17.  In his civilian career, has over 25 years of experience in technology and has worked at Microsoft, Amazon, as well as several startups. He is currently a senior leader at Meta focused on AI and mixed reality.  Joshua earned his Technician and General in 2023 and primarily enjoys POTA and SOTA activities.   He is originally from Dhahran, Saudi Arabia and currently resides in Palo Alto. 

After the break Robin Shepherd will share a video trailer featuring an amateur radio documentary that she directed and produced titled Cat   s Whisker and other Ham Stories.

## Presentation materials

[YouTube recording](https://youtu.be/BXpDWbrHUis?si=zNjfpAOOsOTuFZfU)

{% include meetings-template.md %}

