# Emergency Communications in Cupertino and Santa Clara County ARES / RACES

* **Date**: `May 3, 2024`
* **Time**: `07:00 PM Pacific Time`
* **Topic**: `Emergency Communications in Cupertino and Santa Clara County ARES / RACES`
* **Presenter**: `Darryl Presley, KI6LDM`

## Details

This presentation is an overview of what is required to provide emergency communication within Cupertino and in Santa Clara County.   Today   s world of EmCom has evolved with updated standards required by volunteer radio amateurs when working with emergency operation centers (EOC), served agencies and non-government organizations (NGOs).   We will cover various aspects including expectations, along with training and skills required by today   s hams when it comes to providing emergency communications.

Darryl Presley (KI6LDM) was first licensed in 2007 as a technician then upgraded to General in 2008 and finally, received his Extra in 2011.   Darryl has been active with the Cupertino Amateur Radio Emergency Services (CARES) since 2007 and is the Field Day coordinator for CARES.   He has a Mutual Aid Communicator (MAC) endorsement from Santa Clara County and also holds a Field Responder level 3 (F3) credential from Santa Clara County ARES/RACES.      Darryl is also an active member and serves as a director on the board of directors for the Palo Alto Amateur Radio Association (PAARA).

Darryl works at Oracle in engineering and development with a focus on systems high availability and disaster recovery.   Other interests include long walks with our dog Riley and SCUBA diving.

## Presentation materials

{% include meetings-template.md %}

