# ARRL CENTENNIAL CELEBREATION

* **Date**: `July 12, 2013`
* **Time**: `07:00 PM Pacific Time`
* **Topic**: `ARRL CENTENNIAL CELEBREATION`
* **Presenter**: `Bob Vallio, W6RGG, ARRL Pacific Division Director`

## Details
Bob earned his Novice license in 1952 as WN6RGG.  In 1953 he upgraded to General as dropped the N, now W6RGG then upgraded again to Extra in 1968.  Bob is an accomplished DXer and contester.  He has also participated in several DXpeditions including FO0XX (Clipperton Island), XF4L (Revillagigedo), 6Y5BF (Jamaica), 5W1AZ (Western Samoa), KP2A (Virgin Islands), 4U0ITU (ITU HQ in Geneva), VP5VW (Turks & Caicos Islands), 5V7A (Togo), HC8N (Galapagos Islands), OJ0/W6RGG (Market Reef), OH0/W6RGG (Aland Islands), and BS7H (Scarborough Reef).  Bob is a long time member and past president of NCDXC and NCCC and was elected to the CQ DX Hall of Fame in May of 1997.  He has also been active in Emergency Communications with Alameda County RACES since 1975.

Bob was elected Section Communications Manager, and Section Manager of the ARRL East Bay Section from 1978 to 2000, and Vice Director of the ARRL Pacific Division from 2000 to 2003.  He has served on every committee of the ARRL Board of Directors, most recently being elected by his fellow Directors to the Executive Committee.

Bob will tell us about the upcoming ARRL Centennial Celebration which will be held Hartford CT, July of 2014.  He will also be attending the upcoming Board of Directors and of course will take questions about this and other ARRL issues.

## Presentation materials

{% include meetings-template.md %}

