# Next Generation Antenna: The Bravo Series Vertical Antenna

* **Date**: `August 2, 2013`
* **Time**: `07:00 PM Pacific Time`
* **Topic**: `Next Generation Antenna: The Bravo Series Vertical Antenna`
* **Presenter**: `Tom Schiller, N6BT`

## Details

Tom currently holds three World Records in radio operating competitions; has set more than 15 World Records and over 40 others. He is licensed and has operated from 15 countries.

Co-founder of the National Contest Journal Co-founder of Team Vertical in 1997, which rewrote the book on vertical antennas; setting 26 world records while operating 9 years from Jamaica, 5 years from Eleuthera (Bahamas), plus Venezuela and Fiji.

Received publisher′s award for a radio propagation article, "Everything Works" in July, 2000 QST. Author and publisher of Array of Light 3rd Edition.

Mr. Schiller is a valued speaker at conventions, mainly on antenna design, installation, propagation; also on contesting and DXpeditions.. He has been a guest speaker at national conventions in Finland and Japan, Naval Post-Graduate School (Monterey, CA), Stanford University, University of Utah, Potomac Valley Radio Club, Cal Poly and others.

Life Member, American Radio Relay League. Charter Member, Cwops. Recipient of the Life Time Achievement Award from the TCDXA for Development of Antennas. Honorary Member of the Utah DX Association

Founded Force 12, Inc. Antenna design, manufacturing, and marketing for the amateur radio, commercial, and military markets. Founded the Next Generation Antennas

## Presentation materials

{% include meetings-template.md %}

