# K9W Commemorative DXpedition To Wake Atoll"

* **Date**: `December 6, 2013`
* **Time**: `07:00 PM Pacific Time`
* **Topic**: `K9W Commemorative DXpedition To Wake Atoll"`
* **Presenter**: `John Miller, K6MM`

## Details

John will present an overview of the recent Commemorative DXpedition to Wake Atoll. John was first licensed as WV2BQJ in 1958 while living in Syracuse, NY.  In 1976, John's career took him to Silicon Valley, where he reconnected with amateur radio in the lat 90s.

For the last decade, John has focused heavily on DXing, contesting, and recruiting new operators into the hobby.  His current DXCC total stands at 327 confirmed.  He holds 8-Band DXCC, working on completing 160M for the 9th band.  His article entitled "The No Excuses 160M Vertical" won the cover plaque award for the June 2009 issue of QST.

John is a member of ARRL, REDXA, MLDXCC, NCCC, NCDXC, and PAARA. He is Past-President of the Northern California Contest Club, a Director of the Northern California DX Club, a founding member of the CW Operators' Club, a member of the editorial staff of the National Contest Journal, and a Director of the Northern California DX Foundation.  He was also the co-chair for the 2011 and 2013 International DX Convention in Visalia, CA. John is also PAARA's webmaster.

Our "Dream To Reality" Raffle Prizes
(Download PDF List Of Prizes [HERE](/meetings/2013/prizes-dec2013.pdf))

* FIRT PRIZE: Elecraft K3  HF- 6m Special Thanks To Elecraft
* SECOND PRIZE: Icom IC-V80 Thanks Vic AB6SO
* THIRD PRIZE: Two West Mountain COM Speakers / RF Proof Thanks Marty W6NEV!
* FOURTH PRIZE:  “Array of Light” third edition by Tom Schiller, N6BT Thanks Tom N6BT!
* FIFTH PRIZE:  Digital *Multimeter Thanks Vic AB6SO!
* SIXTH PRIZE:  ARRL Handbook 2013 / Thanks Bob Vallio W6RGG!
* SEVENTH PRIZE:  ARRL Antenna Book 22nd Edition / Thanks Vic AB6SO!
* EIGHT PRIZE:  ARRL Emergency Power Book / Thanks Bob Vallio W6RGG!
* NINTH PRIZE:   ARRL More Wire Antenna Classics Book / Thanks HRO! 

Note: The proceeds from all raffle prizes are used to provide equipment & trained radio operators to benefit the public in emergencies & more.  And to advance the state of the art of radio.

## Presentation materials

{% include meetings-template.md %}

