# HF Antennas & Ground Effects

* **Date**: `August 5, 2016`
* **Time**: `07:00 PM Pacific Time`
* **Topic**: `HF Antennas & Ground Effects`
* **Presenter**: `Stu Phillips, K6TU`

## Details

Stu, K6TU is originally from the UK where he was first licensed as G8HQA in 1973.  He moved to California in 1983 and operated as G8HQA/W6 until getting his first US call (N6TTO) in 1988.

After moving to Woodside, CA in 2003, Stu designed and implemented a fully remote controlled station which he uses for chasing DX and pursuing his passion for contesting.  An avid "home brewer", Stu has developed several ham radio related products including the FlexRadio Systems FlexControl, the <K6TU.NET> propagation-as-a-service website and two iPad applications for controlling the FlexRadio Systems 6000 series radios.  He also provides consulting on site and antenna selection combined with propagation modeling for DXpeditions including VK0EK, FT4JA, FT5ZM, K9W, K5P, FT4TA and many others.

Stu is a member of the Northern California DX Club, Pizza Lovers 259 (PL259 - a local Silicon Valley based contest club) and a life member of the ARRL.  He is President and a founder of Pizza Lovers 259, Past-President and Vice-President/Contest Chair of the NCCC and has participated on the organizing committees of the 2011, 2013 and 2015 International DX Conventions in Visalia California.

Professionally, Stu is a General Partner at Bay Partners - a Menlo Park, California based Venture Capital firm.  A venture capitalist and business consultant since 1997, Stu works with companies on management, marketing, product and engineering issues to help them grow.  Before becoming a venture capitalist, Stu was an operating executive managing software development teams including VP of Central Engineering at Cisco Systems where he led the team responsible for the development of the Cisco IOS - probably the world's largest deployed communications software product.  He also held positions at Tandem Computer, Logica and ICL.


## Presentation materials

{% include meetings-template.md %}

