# 2014 Trip To 9K2HN (Kuwait)

* **Date**: `May 6, 2016`
* **Time**: `07:00 PM Pacific Time`
* **Topic**: `2014 Trip To 9K2HN (Kuwait)`
* **Presenter**: `Bob Vallio, W6RGG`

## Details

### Topic
Bob will talk about his 2014 trip to 9K2HN in Kuwait for the CQWW CW DX contest, where they
set a new Multi-Multi CW record score for Asia. He will also take questions about the Pacific Division and ARRL.

### Bio
Bob earned his Novice license in 1952 as WN6RGG. In 1953 he upgraded to General and dropped the N, now W6RGG then upgraded again to Extra in 1968. Bob is an accomplished DXer and contester. He has also participated in several DXpeditions including FO0XX (Clipperton Island), XF4L (Revillagigedo), 6Y5BF (Jamaica), 5W1AZ (Western Samoa), KP2A (Virgin Islands), 4U0ITU
(ITU HQ in Geneva), VP5VW (Turks & Caicos Islands), 5V7A (Togo), HC8N (Galapagos Islands), OJ0/W6RGG (Market Reef), OH0/W6RGG (Aland Islands), and BS7H (Scarborough Reef). Bob is a long time member and past president of NCDXC and NCCC and was elected to the CQ DX Hall of Fame in May of 1997. He has also been active in Emergency Communications with Alameda County
RACES since 1975.

Bob was elected Section Communications Manager, and Section Manager of the ARRL East Bay Section from 1978 to 2000, and Vice Director of the ARRL Pacific Division from 2000 to 2003, and Director of ARRL Pacific Division from 2003 to present. He has served on every committee of the ARRL Board of Directors, most recently being elected by his fellow Directors to the Executive Committee.


## Presentation materials

{% include meetings-template.md %}

