# The Computer History Museum

* **Date**: `March 6, 2015`
* **Time**: `07:00 PM Pacific Time`
* **Topic**: `The Computer History Museum`
* **Presenter**: `Dr. Len Shustek, Chairman of the Board of Trustees`

## Details
The Computer History Museum is a nonprofit organization with a four-decade history as the world’s leading institution exploring the history of computing and its ongoing impact on society. The Museum is dedicated to the preservation and celebration of computer history and is home to the largest international collection of computing artifacts in the world, encompassing computer hardware, software, documentation, ephemera, photographs, oral histories, and moving images.

The Museum brings computer history to life through large-scale exhibits, an acclaimed speaker series, a dynamic website, docent-led tours and an award-winning education program.

In 1979, Dr. Shustek co-founded Nestar Systems, an early developer of networks for personal computers. In 1986, he co-founded Network General, a manufacturer of network analysis tools including The Sniffer™. The company became Network Associates after merging with McAfee Associates and PGP. He has taught Computer Science at Carnegie-Mellon and Stanford Universities, and was a founder of the "angel financing" firm VenCraft. He has served on various boards, including Polytechnic Institute of New York University. Dr. Shustek has a BS and MS in Physics from Polytechnic Institute, and an MS and PhD in Computer Science from Stanford University.

## Presentation materials

{% include meetings-template.md %}

