# An Experimental 630M WSPR Station

* **Date**: `May 1, 2015`
* **Time**: `07:00 PM Pacific Time`
* **Topic**: `An Experimental 630M WSPR Station`
* **Presenter**: `Richard Webber, WR6J`

## Details

Richard will tell us how to build a 630m WSPR (Weak Signal Propagation Reporter) station operating under the FCC's Part 5 license. The 630M band is destined to become an Amateur Radio band in the near future and understanding the propagation characteristics and how to build stations provides useful experience. The station comprises an Ultimate3 exciter kit, two home-brew tube amplifiers and an antenna with a large loading coil. He will also cover WSPR and the design and implementation of the station. between the competing radio formats.

Richard grew up in England and remembers making a small crystal radio receiver with his father in his childhood. He came to the US permanently in 1990. Interest in radios resurfaced when the no-code Tech license was introduced and friends talked him into getting his first ticket as KD6ELB in 1992. Richard's interest in amateur radio was rekindled in 2002 when he upgraded to Extra with his new callsign, WR6J. Richard's interest in HF DX led to his achieving DXCC. This particular interest revolved around HF antenna modeling, design and construction. Most recently he has taken a deeper dive into digital modes and weak signal propagation. He has also begun experimenting with tube amplifier construction.

## Presentation materials

{% include meetings-template.md %}

