# Alpha Hotel Six Charlie Yankee: Ham Radio documentary

* **Date**: `October 1, 2021`
* **Time**: `07:00 PM Pacific Time`
* **Topic**: `Alpha Hotel Six Charlie Yankee: Ham Radio documentary`
* **Presenter**: `Michael T Workman`

## Details

Description:
Documentary filmmaker Michael T Workman shares and discusses his short documentary Alpha Hotel Charlie Yankee. The film features Hiroki Kato and other PAARA members. The film was made in the Stanford MFA Program in Documentary film. It is entirely shot on a Bolex film camera in black and white.

BIO:
Michael T. Workman is a filmmaker, film programmer, and organizer based in San Francisco. Workman’s documentaries have won awards and screened at festivals around the world. He received his B.F.A. in Art and B.A. in Filmmaking from the University of Montana in 2015 and his M.F.A. in Documentary Film from Stanford University in 2021.

Workman grew up living between a trailer park and a house without wheels in Missoula, Montana. Having experienced his family's struggle with addiction and surviving on a low income, issues of exploitation and class are central to his concerns in art and organizing. His documentary From Parts Unknown follows Jesse, whose dire need to cope with PTSD led him to find an outlet in the hard-won expression of underground professional wrestling. The film won the Grand Jury Prize at the Northwest Film Festival and is distributed by Real Stories and Means TV. His latest documentary, Favor & Grace, was a collaboration with Oakland-based artist Adrian L Burrell; the film explores the damage inflicted on families affected by police violence. Favor & Grace screened at festivals around the world and is distributed by Means TV.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/uNgKHAKnyUQ?si=GAnmY3nUfS3aUPY_" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Presentation materials

{% include meetings-template.md %}

