# Space Weather and HF Propagation

* **Date**: `August 6, 2021`
* **Time**: `07:00 PM Pacific Time`
* **Topic**: `Space Weather and HF Propagation`
* **Presenter**: `Carl Luetzelschwab, K9LA`

## Details

The presentation will begin with a review of the layers of the ionosphere.  We will go over several websites that offer space weather information, and which parameters are important for HF propagation. We will then tie space weather parameters to propagation on the various HF bands.

Carl Luetzelschwab, K9LA, started his radio career as a short wave listener in the late 1950s. He received his Novice license (WN9AVT) in October 1961, and selected K9LA in 1977. Carl is an electrical engineering graduate of Purdue University and was an RF design engineer until his retirement in 2013. Carl enjoys propagation research, DXing (he’s at the Top of the Honor Roll), contesting (he was NCJ Editor from 2002-2007), experimenting with antennas and restoring/using vintage equipment.

He and his wife Vicky AE9YL enjoy traveling, which has included DXpeditions to Syria (YK9A in 2001), to Market Reef (OJ0/AE9YL and OJ0/K9LA in 2002) and numerous trips to ZF (Vicky is ZF2YL and Carl is ZF2LA). He has received the Bill Orr W6SAI Technical Writing Award, the YASME Foundation Excellence Award and the Indiana Radio Club Council Technical Excellence Award.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/IaCGjJYy4bQ?si=et-PHyoNtPIaBQLv" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Presentation materials

{% include meetings-template.md %}

