# DB Cooper Skyjack. Cold Case Revisited

* **Date**: `January 8, 2021`
* **Time**: `07:00 PM Pacific Time`
* **Topic**: `DB Cooper Skyjack. Cold Case Revisited`
* **Presenter**: `Mark Meltzer, AF6IM`

## Details

On Nov 24 1971 a man calling himself Dan Cooper hijacked a Northwest Airlines 727. The plane landed in Seattle where Cooper demand- ed and received $200,000 in cash and four par- achutes. He then ordered the plane to take off and parachuted out the rear air stair door somewhere over rural Washington.

The DB Cooper skyjacking is the only unsolved air piracy case in American history. To this day the FBI remains stymied in its efforts to identify Cooper.

Mark Meltzer, AF6IM, is a parachutist with over 52 years of skydiving experience. Mark, who has degrees in electrical engineering and law, has done extensive research into the Cooper case. He has appeared on several TV produc- tions about DB Cooper including two History Channel series. He has also co authored a sci- entific journal article examining the use of sea- sonal diatoms as a forensic tool to establish submersion dates on some Cooper loot found neatly stacked under the sand on a Columbia River sand bar years after the skyjack. His talk at PAARA will give an overview of the case and explore the tantalizing possibility that Cooper used radio communications to rendezvous with an accomplice on the ground.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/SABzAJHi9MY?si=2rNsgEswJVpgBGea" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Presentation materials

{% include meetings-template.md %}

