# Radio Waves in Planetary Research

* **Date**: `May 7, 2021`
* **Time**: `07:00 PM Pacific Time`
* **Topic**: `Radio Waves in Planetary Research`
* **Presenter**: `Rob French, AC6GO`

## Details

"Radio Waves in Planetary Research"

Radio technology has played a major role in astronomy ever since 1933, when Karl Jansky accidentally discovered that the center of our galaxy  emits broad-spectrum radio noise. In a similar fashion, Arno Penzias and  Robert Wilson accidentally discovered the Cosmic Microwave Background  (proof of the Big Bang) in 1965 while working for Bell Labs. But did you  know that radio is also used extensively in planetary research within  our own solar system? Jupiter and Saturn emit their own radio  signatures, some of which can be detected by amateurs here on Earth.  Large radio observatories like Arecibo (RIP) and Goldstone have used  RADAR to observe every planet from Mercury to Saturn (along with  hundreds of asteroids), often in incredible detail. Spacecraft like  Voyager 1 and 2, Cassini, and Juno contain high-precision oscillators  that enable extremely sensitive Doppler shift measurements from Earth,  allowing the characterization of planetary gravitational fields.  Finally, radio waves passing through planetary atmospheres and ring  systems allow us to determine their internal structure and even,  potentially, the age of Saturn's rings. In this talk we will give an  overview of some of the more fascinating uses for radio waves in  planetary research and discuss the dramatic results that could not have  been found any other way.

Rob French (AC6GO) is a planetary researcher at the SETI Institute in Mountain View, CA. He uses images from Voyager, Cassini, and the Hubble  Space Telescope to investigate the origin and evolution of the rings and  moons of the outer planets. He recently co-authored a book chapter on  Saturn's dusty F ring and was the co-discoverer of Hippocamp, a small  moon of Neptune. Rob is also deeply involved with NASA's Planetary Data  System, which is tasked with archiving all science data from NASA space  missions for use by future generations. He lives in Sunnyvale, CA with  his wife and three cats (one of which is named for a moon of Jupiter), has been a licensed amateur radio operator for nearly 30 years, and is an avid pilot.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/PPXqafKKJEE?si=ktUn8bdm-VJOQeDV" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Presentation materials

{% include meetings-template.md %}

