# Spend time with Dave Minster, NA2AA

* **Date**: `July 9, 2021`
* **Time**: `07:00 PM Pacific Time`
* **Topic**: `Spend time with Dave Minster, NA2AA`
* **Presenter**: `Dave Minster, NA2AA`

## Details

ARRL’s Chief Executive Officer

David Minster, NA2AA, of Wayne, New Jersey, is ARRL’s new Chief Executive Officer.  He is new post started September 28, 2020.  Minster began his career as a software engineer, moving into management. From there, he spent some time as COO and CIO for a fine jewelry manufacturer and retailer. Minster got his Novice license, WB2MAE, in 1977, when he was in his teens. He progressed from Advanced to Amateur Extra and, after a stint as NW2D, he settled on the vanity call sign NA2AA in the 1990s as a way to honor a mentor, N2AA, and the contest station that he used to frequent, K2GL, in Tuxedo Park, New York. Minster earned a bachelor’s degree in computer engineering from The Ohio State University and has a special interest in satellites, digital communications, remote operation, and ham radio computing and software. He has written keyer software for the commercial market, and contest logging, packet, and satellite telemetry software for personal use.  In addition to being an ARRL member, Minster is a member of AMSAT, the Frankford Radio Club, the Straight Key Century Club, CWops, and the North American QRP CW Club.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Yq3UuyoAqdU?si=CSxHsqs822Cr3QY5" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Presentation materials

{% include meetings-template.md %}

