# Ham Radio: Serving Large public events

* **Date**: `March 4, 2022`
* **Time**: `07:00 PM Pacific Time`
* **Topic**: `Ham Radio: Serving Large public events`
* **Presenter**: `Rob Orr, K9RST`

## Details

Rob will be discussing how ham radio became part of the Chicago Marathon and roles they played. He will discuss several practical issues, like how they recruited 140 ham radio operators, how they were deployed and the roles they played in providing communications for the medical teams serving this event. Also, we'll discuss how they integrated with the many other governmental services that supported the event.

Rob Orr is the lead for the ham radio support team for the Bank of America Chicago Marathon, a volunteer position. He has been working this event for 14 years. He is on the Board of Director for the North Shore Radio Club where he served as President for 10 years. He has also volunteered for the American Red Cross as a member of their national Emergency Communication Response Vehicle (ECRV). He responded to tornado, hurricane, flood, fires and other disasters. He was the lead for the Chicago based crew of 40 who maintained and deployed the vehicle, one of 9 ECRV’s across the country.

He is an Extra class ham radio operator and enjoys kit building, Dxing and QRP operations, However, public service has dominated his focus in the last couple of years.

In real life, he is a video producer and operates his own video production business. He has worked in more than 83 countries, although during COVID times, he has enjoyed not travelling so frequently! Married to a very patient wife for 42 years and has two adult children and two teenage grandchildren.

## Presentation materials

{% include meetings-template.md %}

